This is a mirror of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3382

A custom text object for selecting ruby blocks.

Depends on vimscript #2100, which provides a framework for creating custom
text objects.

Also requires that matchit.vim vimscript #39 is enabled.

# Usage #

When textobj-rubyblock is installed you will gain two new text objects, which
are triggered by `ar` and `ir` respectively. These follow Vim convention, so
that `ar` selects _all_ of a ruby block, and `ir` selects the _inner_ portion
of a rubyblock.

In ruby, a block is always closed with the `end` keyword. Ruby blocks may be
opened using one of several keywords, including `module`, `class`, `def` `if`
and `do`. This example demonstrates a few of these:

    module Foo
      class Bar
        def Baz
          [1,2,3].each do |i|
            i + 1
          end
        end
      end
    end

Suppose your cursor was positioned on the word `def`. Typing `var` would
enable visual mode selecting _all_ of the method definition. Your selection
would comprise the following lines (also, see screenshot:
http://vimcasts.org/images/blog/rubyblock-all.png):

    def Baz
      [1,2,3].each do |i|
        i + 1
      end
    end

Whereas if you typed `vir`, you would select everything _inside_ of the method
definition, which looks like this (also, see screenshot:
http://vimcasts.org/images/blog/rubyblock-inner.png):

    [1,2,3].each do |i|
      i + 1
    end

Note that the `ar` and `ir` text objects always enable _visual line_ mode,
even if you were in visual character or block mode before you triggered the
rubyblock text object.

Note too that the `ar` and `ir` text objects always position your cursor on
the `end` keyword. If you want to move to the top of the selection, you can do
so with the `o` key.

# Limitations #

Some text objects in Vim respond to a count. For example, the `a{` text object
will select _all_ of the current `{}` delimited block, but if you prefix it
with the number 2 (e.g. `v2i{`) then it will select all of the block that
contains the current block. The rubyblock text object does not respond in this
way if you prefix a count. This is due to a limitation in vimscript #2100.

However, you can achieve a similar effect by repeating the rubyblock
text-object manually. So if you press `var` to select the current ruby block,
you can expand your selection outwards by repeating `ar`, or contract your
selection inwards by repeating `ir`.

